Update issue template for Product Owners at PUL (#6567)
pulibrary/figgy: .github/ISSUE_TEMPLATE/standard-issue-template-for-pos.md

---
name: Standard Issue Template for POs
about: Standard Issue Template to be used by PUL POs
title: ''
labels: ''
assignees: ''

---

### Summary (Product Owner)

### User Story (Product Owner, when applicable)
_As a [persona], I want to [describe intent], so that [explain the big problem you are trying to solve and its benefit]_

### Impact (Product Owner)
_Please include hard deadlines, if the exhibit is part of an event, the issue is stopping work, etc._

### Priority recommendation (Product Owner)

- [ ] asap
- [ ] within the next 3 weeks
- [ ] PO will prioritize

## Sudden Priority Justification (Product Owner)

> _Required if "asap" or "within the next 3 weeks" is checked. Add "Sudden Priority" and "Maintenance/Research" labels_

Reviewer: We have moved away from the maintenance/research board.

```suggestion
_Required if "asap" or "within the next 3 weeks" is checked. Add "Sudden Priority" and "dls-work-cycle" labels_
```

Author: sounds good!

### Implementation Notes
_To be filled out by DLS._

### Acceptance Criteria
_To be filled out by DLS._

> 

Reviewer: would it be confusing to add our "requirements to consider" here? see https://raw.githubusercontent.com/pulibrary/dpul-collections/refs/heads/main/.github/ISSUE_TEMPLATE/issue_template.md as an example

Author: No reason not to try it! we will alter accordingly after feedback from folks!
